Supervisor feedback system evaluation (#96)
chhoumann/p8: report/src/system_evaluation/phase_two_evalation.tex

We perform measurements in the \textit{classification points}:
\begin{itemize}
    \item Along the walls inside of the meeting room, to examine border values of the map while inside the room (see Figure \ref{fig:experiment_setup}, measurement locations A, B, D, F, and G).
    \item Along both sides of the divider, to examine whether obstructions inside the room has any meaningful effect on the classification (E and C).
    \item $1$ meter, $2$ meters, and $3$ meters outside the door, to examine how far away from the meeting a receiver must be before it is classified as outside (see Figure \ref{fig:experiment_setup}, measurement locations J, K, and L).
    \item By the tables in the common area, to ensure that we do not classify an outside area as an inside area (see Figure \ref{fig:experiment_setup}, measurement locations H and I).
\end{itemize}
For each of these areas 10 data points has been collected and classified on several devices: Samsung Galaxy S20, Samsung Galaxy A53(also used to create the map), Lenovo TabM10 FHD Plus.
Data collection points and beacon placement of the room during the experiment is shown in Figure \ref{fig:experiment_setup}. 

> During the second phase, the experimenter stands in the classification points and use the functionality of the developed described in Section \ref{sec:knn_implementation}, and the created map described in Section \ref{sec:eval_phase1}, to classify received signals. 

Reviewer: Need to introduce who the experimenter is

```suggestion
During this second phase, the experimenter used the developed functionality, and the map created in phase one, at each of the classification points to classify incoming signals.
```

> During the classification experiment, n-values of $2,3$ and $4$ and a threshold of $0.5$ were selected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the classification experiment, k-values of $2,3$ and $4$ and a threshold of $0.5$ were selected to evaluate various configurations of the kNN-based classification algorithm.
```

> This means that more than half of the neighbors to the received measurements needs to be classifed as \textit{inside} for the measurements to be classified as \textit{inside}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This threshold means that more than half of the neighbors of the received measurement need to be classifed as \textit{inside} for it to be classified as \textit{inside}.
```

While the room was unused during the creation of the map, this was not the case for this part of the experiment.

> Computers and phones were placed near the tables of the room, with several of them having either only WiFi, or both Bluetooth and WiFi, enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computers and phones were placed near the tables of the room, with several of them having either only WiFi, or both Bluetooth and WiFi, enabled. 
This is because the room was used by other students at the time. While not part of the experiment plan, it was rather fortunate, as it more closely mimics a realistic scenario.
```

Reviewer: Didn't we introduce this random factor by opting to do the experiments when we knew there'd be other students around?

I feel like we'd by lying by omission if we don't specify this, but I'm open to alternative viewpoints. I may be misunderstanding.

Reviewer: Updated suggestion.

> In the common area outside the room, two people were tasked with moving around, and a laptop with Bluetooth and WiFi enabled was placed on one of the tables.

Reviewer: Clarify - we don't understand the meaning of this sentence. What are you trying to say?

Reviewer: Must accompany the next & previous suggestions
```suggestion
To further mimic a realistic scenario, two people were tasked with moving around in the common area outside the room, and a laptop with Bluetooth and WiFi enabled was placed on one of the tables.
```

> This was done to create an environment that more accurately represents a meeting room in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The classification context must be considered when establishing whether fingerprinting is a viable approach for the stakeholder - if an unrealistic experimental configuration is used, the results might not translate for the configuration of the stakeholder's meeting rooms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classification context must be considered when establishing whether fingerprinting is a viable approach for the stakeholder - if an unrealistic experimental configuration is used, the results may not translate for the configuration of the stakeholder's meeting rooms. 
```

Similarly, multiple devices must be used to understand whether the approach is viable only for the device used to create the map, or if a solution requires the stakeholder to provide employees with specific devices. 
During this experiment, three different devices were selected for experimentation: a Samsung Galaxy A53~\cite{a53phone}, Samsung Galaxy S20~\cite{galaxy20phone} phones, and a Lenovo Tab M10 FHD Plus~\cite{tablet} tablet. 
The devices and their Bluetooth specifications are shown in Table \ref{tab:devicesAndBluetooth}.

\begin{table}[h!]
    \resizebox{\textwidth}{!}{%
    \begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l}
    \cline{1-4}
    Device name                & Samsung Galaxy A53 & Samsung Galaxy S20 & Lenovo Tab M10 FHD Plus &  \\ \cline{1-4}
    \textbf{Bluetooth version} & 5.1                & 5.0                & 5.0                     &  \\ \cline{1-4}
    \end{tabular}%
    }
    \caption{The devices used in during classification and their supported Bluetooth version.}
    \label{tab:devicesAndBluetooth}
\end{table}

> During the experiment, the experimenter stands in one of the location shown on Figure \ref{fig:experiment_setup}, and uses the developed application to perform $10$ classifications using the previously described threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the experiment, the experimenter stands in one of the locations shown in Figure \ref{fig:experiment_setup}, and uses the system to perform $10$ classifications with the previously described threshold.
```

> This process is repeated for each devices, giving a total of $210$ measurements for each k-value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process is repeated for each device, giving a total of $210$ measurements for each k-value.
```
